1:54 - Gaurav Shah
I'm fine. How are you? I'm good.

1:59 - Unidentified Speaker
I'm good.

2:00 - Gaurav Shah
Good afternoon.

2:02 - Gaurav Shah
How are you?

2:05 - Ram Ramarathnam
I'm fine, thank you.

2:07 - VIHAAN ANIL GUPTA
So I'll just start with a basic introduction first.

2:12 - Unidentified Speaker
Sure.

2:12 - VIHAAN ANIL GUPTA
We have Gaurav here, who is an advisor to top-tier VC firms in the US, as well as CXOs. He's also a managing partner at Read, which is an institutional advisory firm. We have Ram in the call from Basel, who are working at combining DC appliances and green energy for achieving energy efficiency. So I'll let you to go at it now. Thank you. Thank you, Vihan.

2:44 - Unidentified Speaker
Hi, Ram.

2:45 - Gaurav Shah
Thank you for joining in and sharing the pitch deck here. Ram, given that we have 30 minutes, I wanted to optimize the time and make the best out of it. I have reviewed your pitch deck. Is it OK, if I go first and explain what suggestions I see in the pitch deck and what strategies you could deploy.

3:10 - Unidentified Speaker
Yeah, OK.

3:11 - Gaurav Shah
Yeah, and then what you can do is you can ask follow-up questions and all. I'm just trying to optimize the time, right? So Ram, so I went through the pitch deck. I come from the energy space. So sorry, there is some noise in the background. Ram, is it yours? That's the noise in the background. Okay, thank you. Now, Ram, looking at the pitch deck, right, there are two objectives we always have with the pitch deck. One, how we are growing the company, and second, how do we raise funds, right? So we want to make the pitch deck appealing from both sides, that demonstrate that the business strategy you have is in place to grow the company, which automatically helps you raise the funds as well. The challenges I see from a VC perspective are twofold. One, the story is very scattered. You know, too many verticals. You are focusing on HVAC, refrigeration, water pumps, e-mobility, livelihood, right? The go-to-market strategy, there is no strong, I would say, articulation of channel strategy, customer acquisition cost, and repeatability. And keep in mind, I'm giving all this feedback as a seed, pre-seed growth stage company, okay? So this is precisely to where you should be or what your pitch deck should have, right? You know, the financial projections run also seem, they are very overly optimistic, right? It has high penetration assumptions for niche solar powered DC solutions, which is risky. Investors will decide counted heavily, okay. And then, you know, the execution bandwidth, right, from outsourced manufacturing plus B2B, B2G, CAS, enterprise service, business model, you know, at F for an early stage startup, there are execution complexities that get evolved. And when VCs see this, they feel that the story is too broad for a seed or early stage company, okay? And this is something, it almost feels like you are reading a roadmap for five companies rolled into one, which is okay if you have that kind of team and bandwidth. The thing with startups that VCs have learned from their own experiences is when you try to do too many things and have small team, the focus gets scattered and fragmented and it's one of red flags that VCs have while evaluating the pitch deck. So, this is something that you could think of Also, while you do that, it lacks a clear flagship product or beachhead market strategy, meaning out of all the sectors, there should be one where you are like, this is the one that we are going to do and why. Don't just say what you are going to do, explain why you think this way. If there are six sectors, you're picking one, put one line at least in the pitch deck that shows that the assumptions are not out of the blue, or just made for the sake of a pitch deck. You know, competitive landscape, never create a pitch deck without a competitive landscape. To tell that I'm the only one in India, and nobody has it, or nobody will have it. Sometimes we do make But to say that LG, Voltas, Bluestar, Compton, Havels, none of them have capital, technology, science to compete, or there are no competition, becomes a little difficult. Again, if you think my product is very different from what they do, all right, that's fair enough. But you have to show how you are going to keep that competitive intelligence, how we are going to keep the barriers to entry, what you would do. This just shows from a VC perspective that you're not here to build a technology and sell it. The days of building something and selling are completely gone. You are here to build the technology, grow the company, sell it, and as well as understand the market or what the competition can do, cannot do. So always have that particular approach refined and all. So I think if I have to make suggestions, one probably, you know, beachhead focus, right? Example, cold storage solutions for agri-supply chains in rural India, right? Because agricultural space in India has lots of these problems. You know, cold storage is a huge, huge situation. Maybe you could do that. And I'm not saying you do this. I'm giving you an example. You know, everything else could become a part of your flagship traction, post-flagship. Once we do something in cold storage, acquire these many customers, grow this much, we will focus on other sectors. This way, it shows a holistic focus that you understand the market, but you also understand the priorities. The other part, Ram, you could do is, you know, you should probably articulate how DC-native advantage wins for you, right? Why is DC-native, HVAC, freezer, fundamentally better, right? Energy savings alone is probably not going to convince, right? But if you add, it is reliable, it is maintenance-free, it has, I don't know, IoT readiness, rooftop space, those are the kinds of advantages that also you should probably showcase if they exist. I'm not saying do things that aren't done, but if they exist, showcase that beyond energy savings, right? And the GTM roadmap needs to be little concrete, you know, who are the anchor customers, distributors, service network, you know, SaaS, you have mentioned, CWS, implies lifetime support responsibility, right? What service network exists to take care of that lifetime support responsibility? You know, margins, show clear margins, what will be bill of material, margins, unit economics, you know, never put this without clarity and accuracy on these things. If they are a part of your pitch deck and you are showing it, then that just shows that your focus is inclusive. Technology, growth, revenues, margins, economics, it's more like then I'm viewing a pitch deck of an entrepreneur who understands how business works, right? So maybe you might want to include those small things and all right. I loved what you are doing, cooling as a service, right? And I think for government supported cold chain initiatives, Ram, I think it's a very solid idea to pursue and grow. Really good idea, right? These government backed agri supply chains, health centers, vaccination programs. I mean, if you can crack through that, that would be great. You could also use CAPEX-like partnerships with pharma producer organizations to deploy cold rooms, right? So then there are a few more, you know, embedding cold rooms into ecosystem solutions. It's players like Dehaat, Samunati, Arya, and others are doing it. You know, you probably could do a lot of it. So I'm saying you have multiple go-to-market strategy options, which are precise. When we say we will do this, this, and this, investors usually get turned off because everyone says that. But when you precisely detail why you will do this and why this will succeed, investors see that you have worked in a particular space and you know what will work, what will not, and the explanation is very strong, right? You know, play control and IoT layer, right? You know, you could position Bazel as DC appliance plus IoT SAS tech for rural energy infrastructure. Remote monitoring, predictive maintenance, energy saving analytics, because in rural, you may not have that kind of labor. So if you include those kinds of services, it just helps. Plus, one other advantage you get is with SAS, you get recurring revenue. So you can tell investors that, look, I'm not just selling a product, but I also have some recurring revenues in place. And these recurring revenues are justifiable. Now, export market, you could do it, but probably too early. So my suggestion would be focus on one product category to dominate before you scale horizontally, whether it is cold rooms for agri plus pharma or modularized, containerized, modular containerized solar cold rooms or something. Strategic partnership opportunities also is something that you could have, you know, you have already appointed Reddington Solar, right? That is our exclusive national distributor. But these are the things, right? And others that you could leverage to make it more better, right? Keep some key milestones in the pitch diagram that what are you looking to do in the next 12 to 18 months, right? Whether it is bringing three to five B2B clients, national service partner network, anchor distributor, strategic partner, anything that you could have. And don't try to be too broad, explain why you will win against the competition, use partnerships to reduce the time to go to market and de-risk execution complexity. Focus as much as you can. And with But in this 15 minutes, I am almost done, Ram. What are your thoughts? Does this make sense to you? Ram, you are on mute.

13:41 - Ram Ramarathnam
No, in that pitch deck, actually, I know the pitch deck is too long and too cluttered, I will definitely change it. I'll keep your ideas in mind. We have definitely, we should be much more focused when we go to an investor. This was done actually, I had outsourced it to a consultant and I just sent it without too much, I thought let me get the feedback what is there and I will definitely take your points and then refine it. That is one. Second one is, see this both this cooling as a service as well as that cold storage, they use the same air conditioner. That is one of our specialty. We use the same air conditioner, room air conditioner to bring down the temperature to two degrees in a cold storage. So it is not a different product and the insulated cold room is outsourced. I have nothing to do with that really. So these things will have to be brought much more clearly in this. I will definitely work on that. And why I included that e-mobility, it is we are focused on two-wheeler segment which is the largest now and I will, that is more of a OEM type business. So that can be done without much difficulty. Initially, yes, the technology, I mean, getting the product approved with the OEM is the immediate challenge. But afterwards, it is only the, you know, maintaining their supply chain. That is the, that's why I included the, this one also. Maybe pump I can take it later on the second phase when we are there. But one thing you have to notice is in all these things we make only the motors and controls. Our specialization is the motors and controls. And this is applied to these three, four segments where I feel there is a great energy savings potential. It is not only energy it is also helping the world, the country and the world for large carbon savings and the carbon emission. That has not been brought out because this pitch deck prepared by my consultant, I have given him this input but he has not put that slide. I have actually done another one which maybe I will later share with Conquest people and which will come to you also. So my focus is only on motors and the other outsourced manufacturing, we get all these products. With respect to the market, we would definitely focus on air conditioner and the cold room because it is one and the same. One is the normal room, other one is the insulated room, that is all. And normally the conventional wisdom is you can't bring down the temperature so low, but we are able to do that to two degrees with the normal air conditioner. We don't have any special, no thermal storage, nothing like that. And one thing the people who made the deck, the best was the size of the extent of energy savings. That is huge. That must be brought out in a separate one slide at least should show what is the conventional thing, including the inverter air conditioner and what is ours. We are talking of around 80% saving there. And I have got this vetted with a Swedish Energy Authority and Mission Innovations Sweden, who has brought out what will be the even at 10% market share, India will save about 5 million tons of carbon. Those facts must be and we have the backup papers for all these things. I will do all these. And as far as your advice is, it is well taken. I will definitely focus on the air conditioner and the cold storage to start with. Parallelly, I would like to do this one also, the two wheeler thing. Mainly because we have actually now come out with a solution. We are, because this pitch deck is a little old, we have come out with a solution where we have removed the rare earth magnets. It is without magnets. We are getting, that is a way. Now today in the contemporary thing, it is very, very important. You know, I mean, almost every day there is some thing or other in the newspapers and the, social media about how the rare earth magnets are creating a problem. So that should also give the investor or the people who are going to be, whether it's going to be strategically aligned to us or so, that has also not been there. In fact, I myself have gone through. That day in a hurry, I sent this. In fact, I have done all these corrections. I will do it and it is too long and too cluttered. That is another thing I told my people who did that was I have about 12 slides which will bring out all my points very clearly. I will definitely do that. The pump will make a mention. We have done some good work. Maybe that can be taken at the second in the second phase which is for me it is only motor, motor and motor controls. That is the idea. And I have gone by the extent of energy savings, where the energy is being guzzled. One is the cooling appliances. The second one is the pumps. Because I have statistical data, about 20% of the electricity is used for agricultural pumps. And nobody pays for that. I mean, the other customers pay for this. So that point also, particularly in a B2G sector, they should, instead of giving subsidy on the electricity utilization, they can give a one-time subsidy on the pump and then take them off-grid. That kind of reasoning is also possible. So, let me work on that. And all the points you have mentioned, I have my, I have also felt like that, but you brought out very clearly from the other side. So I will keep those things in mind and refine the pitch deck. Sure.

20:57 - Gaurav Shah
So Ram, I can go ahead. You were saying something, Ram?

21:01 - Ram Ramarathnam
No, no, no, nothing else.

21:03 - Gaurav Shah
Ram, I will give you some idea more, right, to bring more perspective. Could you go a little on mute, Ram?

21:12 - Ram Ramarathnam
There is some noise in the background that is very disturbing. OK.

21:17 - Gaurav Shah
Thank you. So, no, I think the voice is echoing my own voice. Okay, now this is better. Ram, I'll tell you something. This Pitch Deck that your consultant created is for project financing. This is not for venture capital. When I see the Pitch Deck, see Vihan did not describe the background. This is my 19th year in private equity venture capital, investing my own money in building businesses and working with a PE firm. Right and we go through lots of projects and there are different kinds of financing, there is project financing, there is government loans, there is bank loans, working capital, venture debt and there is venture capital. All these different class of finance requires different presentations. In India, most consultants because venture capital startup is only five years old, most consultants only know how to create a project report for either private investors meaning family owned businesses or for banks. This project the way they created is more towards that side. It's not for the new class of investments. Why do I say this and what do I mean by this? Never rely on consultants to create your pitch deck or your future especially if you're going in the venture capital world. Number one. Number two, the project finance and banks, they want multiple options, multiple categories, high projects. In venture capital, you go to someone saying, I want to raise 95 crores. The first thing they will say is, how much funds have you raised in the previous round? Who is on the cap table? Who are the investors? If you say, I've invested, I don't know what it is. And I don't need to know. We are here to discuss. That, Gaurav, I have invested 50 lakhs and now I want 100 crores to do this. No VC firm will even look at it, even if your product is a masterclass. I heard you say that a Swedish firm, as mentioned, you can reduce your energy savings by 80%. Even then they wouldn't, because in venture capital, it is like when you are raising funds, you are at a seed stage, early stage, pre-series A, series A, series B, series C, series D, then IPO or many. It's like after second standard comes third, after third comes fourth, and it continues until twelfth, then you do bachelor's, then you do master's and PhD. If you say you are at fifth standard, now you want to do PhD, almost like schools and colleges will say this is impossible. And so this is why when I was mentioning about the focus, you know, with conquest, I've been told that you are at a seed early stage stage. This is where I thought of your pitch deck that if you have to present it to VCs of at early stage they will look you at that see you have a student that is a fifth standard guy you won't speak in detail about DC electrical energies and all now you have someone that is an electrical engineer at BITS Pilani or IIT you can probably talk a little bit more in detail right so you always speak in a language So I think in your particular case, your consultant doesn't know. Sorry, can you go on mute, Ram? There is too much of noise in the background. So when you go towards the venture capital side of the world, Ram, don't consider them as a substitute to HDFC Bank, State Bank of India, or any family-owned business who has probably invested money in the past. With venture capital, like I said, the pitch deck has to be refined, and one thing they want is, they realize that startups are small, they don't have bigger teams, and they have failed more often, when they try to go to multiple sectors, multiple things they try to do right with no clear focus. Okay, so what they look for, the reason why you get the valuations is because you have a clear roadmap, clear vision, clear strategy in place, which is very defined because it's a risk capital. Venture capital is the asset class. So when you prepare the pitch deck, don't go more than 12 slides, but also use a format. You know, if you want, I can send a format to Vihan, he can share. But just keep in mind, no matter how good your idea is, if the pitch deck doesn't have the format, VCs know it will become very difficult to converse and explain. And they many a times will avoid the pitch deck or a business just because they know that the pitch deck itself is so traditional, they wouldn't know modern day business strategies and no matter how good it is, it cuts the way, right? So just like the saying goes, when in Rome, be a Roman. So I would suggest make a 12, no more than 12 slide pitch deck, problem statement, your solution, what is the need, SAM, JAM, how you are going to grow, which sectors you are focusing. Give information in bullet points, make it easy. And the reason I say is, VCs usually go through 60 to 100 pitch decks a day, and this is not the only job they have. So they usually glance through it for 30 seconds to 60 seconds. If it's good, they tell their associates and analysts that go take a look at Ram's pitch deck, talk to him, see the data room, and all. And then after third round, they come back again talking to you. So my suggestion would be to make a crisp pitch deck, keep your focus to one to two key products, show them the growth strategy, show them the unit economics, margins. Bring that level of clarity. The one that he has made in revenue projections and all is very easy and simple. I mean, I can say if I make this product, Ram, I can make 200 crores. Very easy to say. Show me how. See, that's where you realize that the person, the founder, has not been in detail. The quality of the pitch deck and the depth of it easily helps us understand whether the founder practically working through things and understanding. So just tell your consultant that I'm not going for project finance from a bank or a family or business, private one, I want to make this to a startup thing and make and bring more vision and strategy. Again, 80% energy savings is good, if you are going for project finance for someone. But in this side of the world, unknown energy savings will not be a competitive factor, which is always think, what if someone creates a new technology to this? It's very easy to replicate with these kinds of things. So again, just some suggestions. And for sure, 95 crores will be too big of a ask for any VC to look at it. They will think this is a project finance, not for me. So probably you would want to start with 2 crores and make a slide that shows 1 crore, 50 lakh, that if I get this, I can create five products, I can create one beta customer. Once I prove this, next round of funding begins, then I would need 2 crores, 10 crores to create hundreds of this. I have this agreement from government. So in other words, you have to make the product, validate the technology, then bring in new customers, then raise capital. So capital is not going to be free money that yeah, you know, even if the market exists, capital will be a function of milestones you can accomplish. At least that's how the VC side will work. I know we We have another call in about a minute, but just something to be mindful of that there is a structure and process.

28:56 - Ram Ramarathnam
And if you go through that Ram, it's probably going to be helpful.

29:02 - Gaurav Shah
Yeah. Okay. I'll keep it in mind.

29:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Okay.

29:05 - Unidentified Speaker
Perfect.

29:06 - Gaurav Shah
Anything else Ram that I may have missed or you may have questions? Perfect. Thank you, Ram. Thank you so much. Take care.

29:18 - VIHAAN ANIL GUPTA
Thank you, Ram.

29:19 - Gaurav Shah
Thank you, Gaurav. Sure. Before you bring someone in, can I make some suggestions? So VIHAAN, three things that you forever will have to be mindful of as you build your career, right? Number one, not just me, but any mentor comes in, you should have a note to clearly make a description of introduction. You know, it was very casual. You just started turning the mic on and you spoke, right? Why I say this, I don't care about glorification and all, but when someone knows who the person on the other side is, it becomes very easy. I call you and say, VIHAAN, you do this, do that. You say, Gaurav, who are you? And I tell you, VIHAAN, own and manage an investment firm, I'm based in this, you will take me a lot more seriously. In India, these startups sometimes don't know. And I'm not saying, glorify me. I'm saying, even in India, students come out of the hostel, wear clothes and come straight to the auditorium. And I tell them that, look, because you are IITs, you are thinking that investors will come. But when they go out of the gate, the first thing they say, So just use a note and actually the company name is when you are at BITS Milani, tomorrow your career will grow. Never take names that you cannot pronounce or understand. If you can't, always say, Gaurav, how do you pronounce your name? Sorry, I'm very bad with names. If you don't know their names, and if you speak, they get very offensive. They don't show it. They are always poker face, even if they get angry, they don't show it like us. But they will keep that in mind that this guy doesn't have etiquette. It is very important to understand there without speaking. So the name of the company firm is Arit Ventures. And Arit is a Latin word which means in search of excellence, right? Third, it is a very bad habit in India, all these mentorships, They don't turn on their webcam. Be clear. Be a startup, be educated, have professionalism. If you make a phone call, it's not a video call. If you're doing Zoom, have some... I have all these American investors, CEOs, they talk to Indians and they say, what kind of a joke is this? I say, this is our problem. We'll keep reading textbooks, but we'll never improve. We have Google, Zoom, we're sitting with the camera on. They don't feel ashamed. Don't participate, but don't put bad name to conquest. If any mentor that is there, they might be from good place. I have my camera on and this guy doesn't. It shows how serious they are, you know, and for me, if you aren't serious, then I don't have any reason to be serious with you. Unless I know this casual attitude, and which is why most managing partners, general partners of my level don't participate in India. And I say, sometimes you have to guide them. You know, someone has to take that. And I tell these guys, I mean, IIT Kharagpur and all, they all are all always on calls. And if you don't take it seriously, why should I? I don't have time to breathe. So tell these startups that not here, anywhere you go, if you really want to raise capital, show professionalism and sincerity before showing your pitch deck. And if you don't have that, don't think money grows, money doesn't grow on trees. I won't even give you 50 rupees, I won't even give you tea. So when these guys do these things, tell them, sir, please get out of this thing. Because of you, there is a name of conquest. And any mentor, whenever you are in a startup, if you have an interview, Let me just check. One second.

34:20 - VIHAAN ANIL GUPTA
OK, so there is a different meet link. Ansh has scheduled another meeting. Oh, I see this here.

34:28 - Gaurav Shah
One second, I'll just join over there. Are you joining that link as well?

34:34 - VIHAAN ANIL GUPTA
Yeah, I'll join that one.

34:36 - Unidentified Speaker
OK.
