Conquest, BITS Pilani Mentorship Session <> Inferigence Quotient | Mohsin
Thu, Jul 24, 2025

0:00 - Neeta Trivedi
So I guess it's probably because people are using these for illegal activities.

0:01 - Mohsin Syed
Yeah. I think also what has happened, I think the one, the whole Pahalgam thing as well, I think there was a use of, you know, like a similar form or something like that, you know, for communication. So an interesting way, uh, on an average, there are about five to six cases of this in Delhi at the New Delhi airport. So they were not the only one. So we had four more people as well in the same, uh, And we were just dealing with the same situation.

0:29 - Neeta Trivedi
I just wanted one small GPS device with Bluetooth receiver from US. And one friend is coming later this week. So we requested him to carry it. Because otherwise, the lead time here are three to four weeks. Is it a Garmin device? It is a Garmin device, yes. Is it a Garmin Montana or 700 or something?

0:54 - Mohsin Syed
Yesterday I had a full educational and information session on all the Garmin devices because From Garmin Glow 2 to there was another one and there's Garmin Montana 700 Montana 700i Because all of these travelers, I think I don't think the problem is bringing it in. The problem is taking it back or traveling with it. Because some of those devices are also expensive. They are about $700, $800, or at least from the US price point, I don't know how much they are even in India. But I think you can bring it in. Because there was also some gentleman who actually has a mining industry or a mining business. And then he actually has mines in Nepal. And for which that's this type of, I think it was the Garmin Montana 700i. And he has actually written to the ministry of telecom to approve certain use cases. And because he has to actually keep flying back and forth to Nepal and he doesn't want to be caught in the same scenario. Right. And he has flown in the past and apparently nothing has happened. And I think it also has to do maybe with the Independence Day protocol, a little bit more of an increased alert, maybe. But yeah, there was there was a lot of Excess information about these devices yesterday.

2:25 - Neeta Trivedi
There was six more cases We wanted to try out our that ground proximity warning system Okay, there is one international airline pilot who's trying to help us connect with some helicopter pilots We can keep our tab but then GPS inside the cockpit We were a little skeptical about whether the signal will be OK. So we thought we could install that Bluetooth device outside. Some pilot only suggested us that we could do that. Right. No, no, no. Makes sense.

3:00 - Mohsin Syed
You can take, if it is my Read AI nodes, you can just take it. I don't even know how I got subscription to this Read AI node, so you can just take that off. It's probably mine, I guess.

3:14 - Unidentified Speaker
that the
