Conquest, BITS Pilani Mentorship Session <> Inferigence Quotient | Mohsin
Wed, Jul 23, 2025

0:08 - VIHAAN ANIL GUPTA
So you're like, how many hours per day you get busy with? So currently, it's around four to five hours, or sometimes more also. Excluding these sessions, this is one hour more. OK. Like mentor allotment is there, and then other offline events part is also there. You said you're not funny. Hi, Mohsin. Hi, Mohsin. Hey, guys.

0:38 - Mohsin Syed
Can you guys hear me? Yes, we can. OK. I'm actually closer to the Patiala Coat House, Delhi. And actually, one of my cousins was flying to the US. She had a satellite phone. And they stopped it, and they presented her to the coach. So we're still trying to figure out a few things here. I thought it would be done, but it looks like it's gonna take another, I don't know. We've been here since one o'clock in the afternoon, but I'm so sorry. I know that this has been rescheduled for a few times right now. Dr. Neeta, are you available to do this tomorrow morning? Because I really do not know how much long it's gonna take. Can we do this like 11 a.m.

1:30 - VIHAAN ANIL GUPTA
or 1 p.m. Tomorrow? Okay. So 11 is for sure good. One may be a little squeezing in. No, 11 is fine.

1:39 - Mohsin Syed
If you can do 11, I'll do 11. I'm so sorry, guys. I thought I'll be done. But you can never predict things at the court here. But fortunately, they are complying because she has a flight to fly back tonight because they already missed the flight yesterday. So try to help her out, get the legal order and whatnot. I appreciate you guys. I'm sorry about this. I thought I'll be done by now. No problems.

2:10 - Mohsin Syed
No problems.

2:10 - Neeta Trivedi
Take care. And we'll see you.

2:12 - VIHAAN ANIL GUPTA
We'll connect at 11 for sure tomorrow. Sure.

2:15 - Mohsin Syed
I'll send an updated invite. Thank you, VIHAAN.

2:18 - Mohsin Syed
Thank you.

2:18 - Mohsin Syed
Appreciate it. Thanks. Talk to you later. Thank you. Bye-bye.
