0:00 - Unidentified Speaker
Good morning, everyone. Hi, good morning, Naveen.

0:00 - Apoorv Sharma
How are you?

0:00 - Naveen Changoiwala
I'm doing good, PRATHAM. Thank you for asking.

0:04 - Apoorv Sharma
How are you?

0:06 - Naveen Changoiwala
I was telling PRATHAM that I was unable to get access to your fixed app.

0:13 - Apoorv Sharma
So I'll go through. But in the meanwhile, we can just talk about it. Let me start by giving a brief introduction. So, Naveen, I've been in the industry for around 14 years. I've worked with different incubation centers, accelerators, corporate solutions. I've worked with multiple startups in the past decade. Last time I was working for a venture capital fund for 500 people. It's a US-based fund. We are looking for the South Asian region for the biocides and such kind of things. Myself, I am an MBE, well-tech senior. So, I run a venture called X2. We work primarily in the private market investment space. So, we help VC funds and other AIX to raise capital from a limited profit. So, we are into the investment domain, but we are not going to talk about it. We can only help funds to raise capital. So, that has been my background. So far. I have gone through your website and it seems very very interesting. So from your end, where you are currently, how long you have came, what you are ultimately looking for, some challenges that you are facing. Thanks Aparu for the introduction.

1:43 - Naveen Changoiwala
So I'll just give you a brief background about myself first and and then talk about my co-founder and then the idea. So I'm a chartered accountant 2016 batch then did my MBA from Ahmedabad 17 to 19. And after that five years worked in institutional investing in private equity and then moved to a family office where I was part of a team where we were investing as NPs globally across asset classes. So that was more investing professional background however at the same time given my background in adversity and being in personal finance I was constantly reached out by my friends and family about their personal finances how should they invest what should they do and what I observed that people are just chasing few you know shiny things and then leaving a lot of things unattended which is actually impacting their finances more than and even if they achieve whatever they are looking for. That's where the idea came that there needs to be a platform which helps you manage everything in one place and provide you expert eye on each and every aspect, not just few things you are looking for. So this was like a proactive advisory. And then when I dug further, I found out that this sort of thing exists only for HNIs because they can to pay fee to the large managers who can provide you end-to-end service but for affluent India this sort of service is not available because given they don't pay fee or they're not able to afford fee it becomes a product market other than a service market and hence you only get sold what you are asking for not a proactive advisory. So that was sort of the genesis of the idea. My co-founder Sajal, he comes from a tech background. He's an IT Delhi graduate, worked with Goldman Sachs for a few years, then worked as a tech consultant and had run for a few gigs here and there. For him, the idea which sort of fit into this is how can we make tech an enabler in the sense that it can help you solve any and all the problems and that problem gets solved a lot. Why we chose this particular stream or ideas, even though AI is there, AI can't do regulated surveys or regulated conversation. That needs to be done through a regulated entity. So if you go and ask any charity, Gemini, et cetera, for financial advice, it will always give you the last line by, please ask a financial advisor. And we are that financial advisor who have AI integrated into this. So that is sort of the overall idea how it binds together. And one more layer which we have integrated in this is the India stack, so that the entire advisory really becomes very seamless for the user where the entire data linking process is less than a minute. They can ask anything about their finances through the AI chatbot and understand things. And on top of it, there is an advisory expert layer, which keeps an eye where the leakage is happening and informs you on a proactive basis. Got it.

5:04 - Apoorv Sharma
Got it. Currently, how many users do you have? What's the business model? So in terms of the stage, we have launched our app two days back only.

5:15 - Naveen Changoiwala
So our app is live on iOS and App Store both. You can search by the name NoveltyWealth. In the process of building the product and putting the thought process, we have also started acquiring users. So we have a few paid users. And we have also a WhatsApp community with 400 plus members. So through these discussions and through the live clients, we are getting use cases out of them. So it's understanding what exactly the user want, in what shape and form they want, what is more priority, less priority for them. Accordingly, we have built that into the current version of the app. And what we are doing is, along with that, We are also trying to see that what are the things which they find most value in and which actually provides more value for them and what is the way to present it to them like if it was there may be a solution but if it's not communicated right you don't either don't get it and hence move on from there so what is the right way to get the value add to you in that 15 second attention span so that is also the experiment is going on.

6:27 - Apoorv Sharma
And what's the model, how do you make money? You charge subscription or something?

6:33 - Naveen Changoiwala
Yes, so we are looking for the entire process, the way it works is it has two stages to it. One is having all your accounts in one place and insights on top of it. So that is one part. And then second part is based on these insights, you get advice and transactions. Just to give you a visualization, let's say you investing in mutual funds. So in the first part, you just connect your mutual fund accounts, and it will show you the entire analysis, like what your portfolio is like, what your style is like, have you also found a benchmark, which funds are doing good, not doing good. Is your portfolio good enough for your risk profile? If you have goals which are upcoming, should you be investing in equity or debt? So all these insights will be part of the first layer. And the second layer, if there are any changes which needs to be made, What are those changes? Why these changes are suggested? And let us help you do these changes at the advisory layer. So we're looking at two subscriptions. One is the light version as we are calling it, where you just get insights and advisory insights and data linking and advisory and execution in the second advisory layer. I think it's somewhere around the first one at less than 200 a month and second one at around 500 600 a month for the entire family. So just one more thing. Manage your finances at a family level. So even if for, uh, because as, uh, you would understand that, uh, because of the extension differences and other things, uh, people park a lot of assets in their wives accounts, uh, parents account, uh, children's account. So essentially their own account does not represent their asset allocation or their risk profile or everything. It is the family which represents that. So we bring that, uh, Indian way of investing in into our app as well.

8:21 - Apoorv Sharma
So how do you define your customer persona? Who is the right customer for you? Is it a 20, 21 year old who just started or someone who is in mid thirties under loan debt? Who exactly is the customer here?

8:38 - Naveen Changoiwala
So our customer is someone who has let's say a career for four to five years and have accumulated savings of 15, 20 lakhs plus. That is the ideal customer for us because this person one has serious money and has is earning and saving serious money and now is at a stage where the career and family responsibility keeps going up for him so he is crunched for time a lot of things are asking for his time so he is not able to give time to personal finance but at the same time have serious money so need to devote time here or need to devote some expert eyes on this time So we become those outsourced I for him that okay, my all my money matters are managed in one place are taken care of And I don't have to worry about it. And because it has a chat layer, you don't have to wait for a wealth manager to give you their time, you can just go and ask anything.

9:37 - Apoorv Sharma
Okay, so your user is basically a proactive user, right? He's conscious about the wealth is conscious about the investments That's why we are looking for a solution and we are providing that.

9:48 - Naveen Changoiwala
I would say not fully conscious, but somewhere around that he cares about his money, even though he may not be able to put efforts to it. And the way we are building, as I said, through users, what we have done is we have built in a way that we have some short term hooks, some medium term hooks and some long term hooks so that eventually wealth growth is a long term process. But to get user to the app and use it and realize that there a long term hook, we have to give some medium and short term hooks to it. So what we have, for example, is a bank analysis layer, where your bank transactions are categorized in one format. And you can see where your money is coming from where the money is going. This really doesn't have a wealth angle to it. The only wealth angle is identify how much you're saving and is that saving enough or not. But for the user, it has a very high interest value. He goes and can ask, okay, how much I on travel, how much I spent on food, how much I spent on going out and all those things. So, it becomes very hooky element for them. So, there are few short term hook elements and then there are long term wealth management solutions for them.

10:56 - Apoorv Sharma
Got it. This is very interesting and I truly, truly believe that there's a need of an arm, right? Specifically, after the target segment of just in India, right? The financial health is screwed up. Right people don't have as basic as a emergency fund or insurance you know health insurance and the debt culture is growing enormously in the country right so it's something that is needed tell me what's your plan to acquire customers have you figured out that that how much should be your acquisition cost and what would channels will go through.

11:36 - Naveen Changoiwala
So in terms of channels, we have figured out that long term or medium to long term, it's going to be more of a organic and referral play and building trust in the platform. But that will take time to build. While we are building that, what is the bridge solution in between that? How do we make sure that our app is out there, people know about it? So what we're doing is two things here. One is obviously inorganic ad based or digital marketing. There we are running few experiments and we have actually seen good results that we are seeing are at least at the top of the funnel conversions where you get users from ad to your website. Those conversions are 3 to 4x better than what we hear about from the market that okay, these are the costs you will get. That's part one. Part two, once we initially get a decent customer base, let's say 200 to 500 paying customers, we want to take it to corporates as a B2B2C partnership and pitch our product as a financial wellness benefit plan for the employees. Because as I said, what our app does is it saves your time you spend on financial planning. And most of this time, as you would understand that is spent during working hours, because if you are investing in markets, you are in the office, if you're talking to someone, any financial professional, anyone, it's part of the office hours. So for employer, it also becomes that it's slightly helps in boosting productivity, more productive hours of employee. And two, if employee doesn't have much to worry or the mental bandwidth of an employee, which spend a lot on personal finance, not just physical time, but what is happening, how it is happening, am I missing this, am I missing that. So that takes up a lot of headspace. Up that headspace as well. And then the third part is that whatever interaction employer-employee have in terms of financial, salary structuring, declarations, TDS, all those things, all those things can be managed by us as well. So we take up for employers the pitches, our product helps your employees and hence just introduce us to your employees. That's all our ask. We don't even want you to bear any cost. We just introduce us to your employees. It is the middle solution to the first part is going through digital marketing, second stage is going B2C, and then third is while these two are happening, parallelly build organic content flow, which we've already started, and then build trust in the platform, come out with weekly, monthly, quarterly newsletters, come out with, from a personal finance point of view, what is happening, what is good, if a particular issue is there, what is the best course of action. So this sort of content gets used build trust that okay this platform is doing something good. I think if you have to imagine if I don't know if you followed live mint and Neil Borate's articles he does this really well that because he posts about whatever is good in particular topic what is the best course of action that's the sort of way we are looking for as well that okay this is what is right for you and then that's the solution you find in our platform as well.

14:50 - Apoorv Sharma
That's amazing. What are you looking to do for free on your app? So the way we are looking at the app is the first version, which is the analysis version.

15:01 - Naveen Changoiwala
We want to keep that for a free trial thing. So you can come to the app and do that trial for.

15:09 - Apoorv Sharma
I mean, if you don't mind, can I take a call in like two minutes? Sure, definitely. Thank you so much.

16:16 - Unidentified Speaker
Thanks for watching!

16:19 - Unidentified Speaker
Thanks.

16:19 - Apoorv Sharma
Yes. So free. So free. Analysis layer and a glimpse of the second layer.

16:26 - Naveen Changoiwala
We provide that free for initial seven to 15 days. We have not gone much deep into that, but I guess to understand first, we have launched the app and the entire payment version and all, we have not incorporated. Let user explore the app, see what all can be done here and see that, okay, this is something I've not seen anywhere else.

16:57 - Apoorv Sharma
And this is why I want this app to be there in my phone. Hmm. Okay. Okay. Um, okay. Got it. Now, uh, yeah, I'll download the app.

17:11 - Naveen Changoiwala
But I mean, after this call, I think in terms of development stage we are pretty much on track with it we are 80-90% done sort of with that and we are moving ahead with that second the two layers for which we are looking for people as well as guidance is more guidance part is the entire go-to market as you would see that in terms of team we hope don't come from a background where we have done this but we are experimenting with it understanding from people around us how it is done and all and we are running few experiments and we are seeing good results so that way we have already getting get it start there what we are looking for in terms of guidance is that what we are doing is this the part of the bigger picture in the right trajectory and to help in terms of getting a person who can lead this role in our organization. That's more from a GTM point of view. From product point of view, we already have one mentor who is guiding us on product and hence we are able to push out this app. But we will need a full time person to take charge of that as well so that more bandwidth gets freed up from the co-founders who can then go on to be more sales driven rather than product and marketing driven. You got it.

18:44 - Apoorv Sharma
You got it. I myself have studied a lot in this segment, right? So before going to the HNI segment, I wanted to go into this middle class kind of segment. The biggest problem, let me tell you what I faced. In fact, if I had it, I would show you a small demo that I made. The retail user for Fintech, their acquisition cost is very high. And it's not only for you. It's for all the Fintech apps. And the engagement, because what happens is that you have to make the engagement at your app level so that the user is opening your app on a weekly basis or a bi-weekly basis. Multiple other players in the market have tried something, something like this retirement planning, but the user acquisition and user retention cost is very high. So, and your economics will make sense at a larger which require a lot of capital. At the stage at which you are, for customer acquisition and specifically for the study of the market, you have a lot of leverage, which has come now because AI is there. And I would recommend you to use that leverage. First of all, if you see, there are some forums, like Reddit for instance, like Quora, you will see are these financial channels, dedicated channels. And those are definitely your users because someone from your team has to be active there. Secondly, you can use maybe something like a plot or perplexity. Right. So basically, you can give them a prompt to go to Twitter, Reddit, forums, Quora and tell them what is happening. So your initial user study will become fast and automated. And that's very, very important. We are already doing Reddit thing.

21:16 - Naveen Changoiwala
We are already active in five channels which have more than three lakh users. We are posting like almost every second every day, every second day.

21:37 - Apoorv Sharma
We actually got two paid customers on Reddit. So sometimes Google News can pick it. So news will be in people's feed. And it will come with your branding. That's the second thing you can do. Now, let's talk about the app. The app should be very engaging. If you say that I have an advisor and this is the advisor, so it should be there at every point and every time. So you can build a lot of free features into the app. Right? So you can engage the user. Right? Because subscription business is a little difficult in India. Right? People do pay subscription for entertainment. But when it comes to finances, when it comes to money, when it comes to seriousness, there is still skepticism. That's why you see most of the fintechs move towards the lending business model. But in your case, it's still not worth it because you might be moving in the opposite direction. But if you see any other app in the market, any fintech, the most profitable model is lending. This is something that I would recommend to you right now. The corporate angle is good, but corporate angle is something that people have been exploring or, you know, tapping at least since I have been in the industry for 10 years. Right. So most of the things Like, so, be it, you know, investment related, be it taxation related. But on the ground, it's very difficult to get that. With your contacts, you might get some, but again, it's the scalability. But if you go out and reach out to HR, that much interest.

24:16 - Naveen Changoiwala
So we are looking not looking at direct corporates the way we are looking at is where are these corporates also putting their employees to contact two places we have identified one is HRMS and another is co-working space softwares because these are the softwares they interact when they go to work and I personally have invested in one co-working space startup which has 500k plus leads of page 200k to 600k plus series are of a lot of people which are part of RTG. These are the channels we are looking to explore in the next phase because obviously this is something we are hypothesizing may or may not work.

25:02 - Apoorv Sharma
It's a distribution based business at the end of the day. Exactly. Initially capital will be required. Exactly.

25:10 - Naveen Changoiwala
And the way looking at this is we have to find channels where there is a lot of volume, where we can reach faster and the initial app adoption, the free trial can be done very fast.

25:28 - Apoorv Sharma
Then only we'll get to know that, okay, this channel is working or not. You also should have a fundraising strategy in place. Exactly, exactly.

25:41 - Naveen Changoiwala
That's what I said in terms of guidance, the two place we need is product and marketing. One, the sort of roadmap in terms of not roadmap, but thought process that how should we proceed. And two, in terms of getting the right people to be there so that the founders bandwidth can be freed up to explore the next few things, these new channels, fundraising and all of those things. So, what we have currently done is to how to measure where actually that money is and how much it should be and if you are lower fill it up if you're hired to park it in the right places and once we go to the transaction layer we will help user get the best way to invest that as well.

26:58 - Apoorv Sharma
It is just a wireframe. Let me show it to you. So the challenge while we were trying to build this idea, it was very similar to what we were trying to build. Ultimately, we wanted to make a platform for RIAs because that's what we thought. The registered investment advisors don't have a platform, they all look for HRIs. Long tail customer approach strategy that means if someone is sitting on let's say 15 lakhs today down the line 5 years they will be on 50 lakhs assuming their salary will grow and their maturity will also grow in terms of this so when they are 50 lakhs then they will become our customers but meanwhile how will we engage them and how will get their financial data. So we did something like this. What should we do on a daily basis? How should we engage the customer? So when we thought about the UI of the app, we thought that it will kind of push and celebrate every small thing. So this is a screen for the emergency fund. So it was like the app will push a little on things like yes. The first goal is to build a one-month emergency fund. The second one, the ones you see in red are the ones you have to complete first. And then the green one is something that you should do as a practice. This is the emergency fund screen.

29:45 - Naveen Changoiwala
This is an example.

29:47 - Apoorv Sharma
skip lunch or go to OLX, walk a little, save Rs 50. Investment is here, what should be your weekly target? You can put Rs 600 more. If you put it, it will be a good, beautiful animation. You will feel like you have won something. This is about debt, how to reduce your debt. There is a sense of achievement of using this particular application. That was a thought process and that's why I also believe it's a very very good idea to move forward.

30:44 - Naveen Changoiwala
We are at work. We have a goal section.

30:51 - Apoorv Sharma
Let me find it on my phone and show you the app. OK, let's proceed. Maybe actually sign up.

31:06 - Naveen Changoiwala
You can skip the pen step. I'll show you. So the way it works is we don't get any transaction access and mutual fund in India is actually a unified system you can buy a mutual fund any platform and You can sell mutual funds on any platform. Ultimately, what happens is, CAMS and PFP ultimately have custodial with mutual funds. And from there, there is AMC platform and below that, there are platforms. Our transaction link is directly with CAMS and PFP. So from our platform, you can buy and sell any mutual fund bought or sold on any other platform. For example, Growpay, you can't sell fund you bought on Zerodha. Because we only have access to the grow transactions because they are only grown we are setting the transaction layer with directly with the cams and kittens It's.

32:43 - Unidentified Speaker
It's.

32:52 - Apoorv Sharma
We will do a check-up. What can we do?

33:22 - Apoorv Sharma
Money started in 2021-22 and it started with the statistics.

33:29 - Naveen Changoiwala
Two things happened. They started with advisory but human layer. It was not possible for them. And then because they were early actually in this journey, pivoted to now a distributor and broker business.

33:57 - Apoorv Sharma
So this layer, tracking layer is actually just a customer acquisition layer for them, not a business for them. So they had this product and they used to save small and invest into US based stocks. And small quantity, 10 rupees, 5 rupees, you don't even realize that it is going. But in a year and a half, I ended up saving around 53,000 rupees without even realizing it.

34:46 - Naveen Changoiwala
micro saving is something which is a good distributor and distribution thing because the volume is very small and the cost of transactions are very high for that volume. For example, your 53,000 would have been done across 500 plus transactions and your own cost would have been 1,500-2,000. It's a tax strategy rather than a business one. Yeah, so the way our app works is, obviously our product replacement, but it gives a view of almost everything in your finances. It may be your investments, bank accounts, taxation, financial goals, overall networks, which can include your loans, liabilities, etc. And then digs deep into each element. For example, people know their network, but how that network is distributed, what is the risk profile. So we, from goals point of view, we do asset allocation, ki aapka current kitna target kitna So how close or far you are from your target allocation and this target we do not just for current savings but for year-on-year investment as well. We haven't added that feature yet, we have to add that. So what it will do, what you were saying right, that a client of 15 lakhs will now be of 50 lakhs. So in 15 to 50, let's say he will invest 20 lakhs more, 15 lakhs will grow in his investment. So how should 15 lakhs be invested today? How should the entire portfolio keep looking like, So that entire analysis we do on day one today. We don't even ask you a lot of inputs. What we do is, once we link your bank accounts, so I'll just give you a glimpse of that, we get a sense that, so this is the entire asset allocation view, how your overall assets are spread. And this may bring in the thought process that you should think in terms of risk. Risk your portfolio is taking and how each of them have components. What is happening in mutual funds? So these are smaller tidbits insights on each and every aspect. How is your portfolio doing? Are you doing better? Are you paying commission? Some interesting insights. How much you invest in your lifetime? How much your lifetime profits are? So this 50 lakh is one number, but how much capital do you have from this? How much profit have you earned? Be it active or passive. So, banks say what we get is we get an analysis of your flows that how much money where the money came from where the money went. So, you get a high level insight and then you can dig deep into it expenses may what is your overall split like income your overall split like and you can this is the UI version of it and you can chat with the NOAA AI and ask any question You can ask very interesting question like how much I spent on Zomato and how much I spent on Swiggy. I want to know if I'm a Swiggy person or Zomato person. You can even do curious things like this. You can actually run what-if analysis. Let's say you had invested in HUL for last seven years, five years, whatever years. You can go and just ask that instead of HUL, what if I invested that money in ITC? Look at your all your transactions wherever you invested in hul replace those with itc transactions and show you that on a comparative basis what would have happened yes yes so the way it will work is the way we will work on is we have a current uh current uh portfolio we have a savings pattern that currently growth rate on that or savings rate will be assumptions only and you put in your financial goals that these are the goals I want to achieve in the intermediate after doing all those things and we get a sense of your expenses what is happening to expense profile before retirement we have one metric called net worth to expense ratio so we track that metric that that number should be more than 25 times that's when you say you are ready for retirement If you want to retire or not, it's up to you. But this is the place where you are ready for doing it.

39:33 - Apoorv Sharma
And we track that ratio.

39:35 - Naveen Changoiwala
What this ratio does is this is adjusted for inflation and timelines is amount agnostic. You can be a person who have 5 crore, but your expenses are 10 lakhs. So you are ready to retire because you're 50x. But if your expenses are 50 lakhs, 5 crores is not enough for you.

39:54 - Apoorv Sharma
But the ratio is 10 and 50.

39:56 - Naveen Changoiwala
So if this 10 can be for 50 lakh and 50 CR or 10 lakh and 1 CR, it can be anywhere. And then you track that ratio and this ratio keep adjusting for the inflation part and all those things. So it's where you actually understand, OK, at what point I can retire. And retirement is not an amount. It's a ratio which you have to track because 5 crores up So that is the way we are doing this and the way we are doing intermittent planning is whatever goals you have in middle depending on the timeline like when you want to achieve that goal and the seriousness of that goal the asset allocation will get tailored. So if you are looking to buy let's say a house it's a very serious goal for you so you don't want to too much risk with that amount because for buy some goal like a house both the amount and the timeline are very sacrosanct like there is less flexibility there but if you're going for international vacation there is flexibility so you have flexibility on both sides so that way asset allocation also adjusts just for that. And that's why this entire and how to bring everything to a common currency, which is risk. One which we take care of in this analysis is the liquidity aspect. That when you need should have access to that money. For example, if you have money in EPF, PPF, etc, even if they are debt, they're not low risk or not available money, not be assigning that money for a goal, which is let's say you're buying a house. So we account for that as well that whatever liquidity of the assets are there back to the goals and Let's do a wealth check-up. So wealth check-up, we have built a feature where what it does is proactively it goes into all the aspects of your finances and wherever there are inefficiencies, it identifies that and tells you that you can do this here. And what is the extent of saving you can do so if you see it went into analyze all my portfolio and it gives me a summary that okay these are the accounts I have linked these are the things I can do to save money for example I have cash excess line cash emergency fund what we do there are 3-4 buckets. Emergency fund kya hota hai? Money which you can access immediately and is low risk. Toh there are 3-4 buckets. Bank pe cash pada hai, debt mutual funds pada hai, arbitrage mutual funds pada hai, FDs which are maturing in next few weeks. That is your emergency fund pool jao aap immediately access kar sakte hoon. Now this emergency fund should be within a certain range because if it's lower, you don't have money which you need in emergency. But if it's higher, money lying idle. So you should be within that range. It identifies that, okay, this is your emergency fund, you are keeping money more than your range, let's invest in something more productive. So here it identifies where the cash is lying, you can move it. And this is not even moving out of the emergency fund. It is saying that the 2% that is lying in your bank, move it to the arbitrage fund. It will still remain in emergency fund, but earn 4% more. So it's personalized to you. If it's someone who is in, let's say 0% tax slab below slab, it's hyper personalized for your financial profile. And then it gives you insight what is happening in your portfolio. So the first part was monetary. Second part is the efforts. You have so many mutual funds. There are holdings which are less than 5%. So 5% is a threshold which we have taken that attention. These are the things which are in low quality mutual funds. You have, if you're investing in stocks and ETFs. So stock and ETF is a very active thing. So how much effort you are putting there. So there also we have done one thing interesting thing that user can actually identify their style if you see this part so we sort of inform user that what type of investor type they have so for example in my this case this is an active trader profile why we are saying that So we are waiting for 1, 2, 3. You have 15 active holdings. You have 82 holdings traded in the last five years. Unique names. And they have done 500 plus transactions. So this is a profile which a trader will have. So we have four personas. Buy and hold investor, active investor, active trader, hyperactive trader. So if you are three on all fronts, you are hyperactive. Stocks you already have a lot of stocks to do a lot of transaction this on its own is not a useful information but if you combine this information with this part where you say okay are you doing better than the index because you're putting effort to earn money but if you're not waiting index which you can do blindly then what is the use of that so it combines these two insights together you're putting effort not making me okay let's what is the alternate then we come with the pitch okay let us help you do investing in mutual fund which is less effort and then we go into each of these buckets whether index fund makes sense

46:38 - Apoorv Sharma
active fund makes sense we do analysis on that and provide you advice on that. The complex financial person's financial space. Your UI does not align with that. What does that mean? For someone like me, I am actually in my financial state. It still makes sense. But your user might be of a different way. People don't even understand the difference between what is the credit card minimum payment and full payment your UI has to be very simple stupid simple stupid means that you open it and it is very easy to understand like a friend is sitting and explaining or a brother or sister is sitting and explaining That should be the UI. Your UI currently looks like a Hardcore FinTech app. Again, it could be a personal feedback. But from a user perspective, it should be more smoothing, and it should be more easy if I'm onboarding your app. And because it's an AI app, And because this is an investment advisor kind of app. So the app should be proactive in asking you things like, what is the financial help right now? How much debt is there? For instance, how much emergency fund do you have? Who do you consider an emergency fund? It could be one feature. The AI part can be micro animations instead of text. Right. Again, more streamlined. Of course, I can go deeper and deeper. But the initial level, if we are talking about investment advice, if we are talking about people who are maybe starting their journey, investment journey, it should be very, very easy and kind of fun to use UI. Features are very, very good features. Changes. I can go as deep as I want. But again, I'm just starting. I don't know much yet. So that's one thing that I've seen. My feedback. I've used your feedback, by the way. Maybe I'll use your app today. I'll use it in a different way. But for a basic user, I think your URL is a little technical. Um, this is retirement. Well, it's a very good hook, right? People are curious about retirement. How would I live after my retirement? You need some, um, um, some back and forth in the UI, I think. Um, right. So people actually want to share it, right? For instance, um, We tried it a couple of years back and it worked really well. People shared it on their retirement calculator. And it was like a very dumb HTML version of an Excel sheet. Yeah, we have created that. That's the part of the next rollout.

50:22 - Naveen Changoiwala
So I'll just give you a glimpse of what it will look like, We are making it not even just a calculator but a chat based conversation that okay if you go to the chat and ask hi I want to plan for my retirement it will come up okay let's start doing that what are the things I want to understand from you because it assuming this is starting after you have linked some data or it will nudge your data it will give you a glimpse of what it already knows that okay okay I see that you earn so much you are spending so much so this is your savings do you feel this savings profile will continue So it doesn't ask you, okay, tell me your saving number because people

51:05 - Apoorv Sharma
don't have that handy. People love playing it, playing around it. Right. So I think that's the kind of thing that was happening.

51:17 - Naveen Changoiwala
I think I've asked a lot of people around this because I've seen a lot of calculator driven things are happening. Most people gave me feedback that it's just an engagement hook, but it doesn't lead to convertibility much. People just come, explore it, share it, but then they don't do anything after that. In our case, what is happening is because our service is helping you get the right asset allocation and invest accordingly. That actually comes out of this. If you look at the calculation, there are so many variables. Which variables to control? Showing so many variables in the UI is a challenging thing. And then as you said, the customer doesn't know how to handle small variables. So that's why we are looking at simplifying it and then present in such a way that we are thinking of showing it like a timeline thing. That okay, this is your current money, this is a current allocation, this is a target allocation. Next year you are expecting to save so much. So we will use money for this. So year by year, we show you an asset allocation. So that's why I want to, we want to make it more visual, more interactive, more timeline driven, and it gives you the impression that these guys are planning really well.

52:50 - Apoorv Sharma
targets and how many users you want to have?

52:54 - Naveen Changoiwala
So, the idea is one to get this app in hands of people and get feedback on it. That's the target for next two weeks. How many people? 1000 plus. 1000 plus why? So, 1000 plus idea is that because the way we are looking at it, there will be 4 to 5% of new tail come out and we need at least plus people in one persona to really get to a concrete answer or validate a hypothesis, this type of persona wants this.

53:26 - Apoorv Sharma
And you also get to see if there is traction, people are liking it or not.

53:32 - Naveen Changoiwala
And with this, we want to in the next case, shareability of this, referral type of thing, how many people are sharing the app and all those things and how much of a multiplier effect you can get.

53:46 - Apoorv Sharma
Okay. Okay. And what will happen after this 1000 people?

53:50 - Naveen Changoiwala
So after 1000, our idea is from an app point of view, introduce a few new features, start with the putting the plans part of it and the advisory layer because advisory layer we haven't put in the app yet. So how will the monetization happen without the advisory?

54:10 - Apoorv Sharma
There is no monetization yet.

54:12 - Naveen Changoiwala
Monetization will start from 1st September. So, how you and your team are sustaining? I mean, your team is so big.

54:22 - Apoorv Sharma
And how do you take out expenses or do you invest your own capital? Yes, so we both have put our own capital.

54:34 - Naveen Changoiwala
Currently, we have two full-time employees and two interns with us and one as a product manager. 6 people total and we have put in our own capital so that will give us runway for next 6 months at this team level.

55:00 - Apoorv Sharma
Okay, okay. And after that you, okay it's too early for you. Okay. No, no, no.

55:11 - Naveen Changoiwala
So the way regulatory this is working now and this is actually a good improvement which happened last year. As a SEBI, so we are a SEBI registered provider. We are now allowed to do non SEBI products as well with the transparency and disclosure of the clients. So now we can actually do more products and hence truly make it one place personal finance. What it means is you want the credit card, help you do that. You want to get a home loan, we can help you in that. You want to get an insurance, we can help you get that. Any and every product out there in the market is within our purview for you to get. You can get this in our platform. The way we are approaching this is selling the product is the third thing. First thing is, is this product good for the user? Because our core has to be advisory and that is our pitches and that That is what trust is based on and what is getting it built. Second thing is, can the user get this product at the same price or a lower price outside us? If yes, we redirect user to that platform or whatever they can get it, assuming the service levels and everything is equal. And if these two conditions are satisfied that okay, they can't get the same product at the same price or a lower price outside. Product is good then we showcase that okay you can buy from here but we don't force that much you can buy from anywhere else we give that option also you can go and buy from here and they'll see okay I am managing everything here I'm getting the same product at the same price why go out so that way we are looking at this our estimate is 60 to 70 percent will be advisory subscription business because what think of this way we are let's say charging 5000 rupees a year for the advisory there are 100 customers who are doing this the other products may be 20-30% will do and that will be your 10,000-15,000 whatever revenue so that will become average 1.5-2,000 rupees per customer per year. Projection largely we have we have in mind like we have created the entire model as well for this the idea so the way we are looking at this entire thing is We have to explore one part which you said and we are also exploring is how can we keep a free version of it, can there be a version which is free so the light layer does not become first layer but a second layer because for the first layer we can actually do the second commission other products. We have already activated two partnerships, one partnership is credit cards so because we are doing banking analysis for our user so we know the spend profile of this user where this user is spending a lot of money we can actually match that and find out a good card for the user and even before taking the card user know how much he will save I have done that on myself so looking at this entire thing I found out that I'm spending 16 to 20,000 on Swiggy And then I found out a card which gives 10% on Swiggy up to 1500 every month. So that's 15,000 spent. Directly matching, got the card done. You have 18,000 rupees saved a year without much effort. This way we do, and we have built an entire, we have almost 80%, 90% done there. We have a credit card model. So it will help you find out which credit cards are good for you. So that is one layer, identification. Second layer is from a advisor lens if there are five cards which are good for you should you go for five cards what is the impact of getting five cards what is the eligibility for five cards if not then what are the top three cards I should get and then because it's a proactive AI layer it will help you manage your credit profile credit score everything so end-to-end solution for each It will be a very small portion of it because.

59:48 - Apoorv Sharma
basically with all these institutions.

59:50 - Naveen Changoiwala
So first as I said advisory here 50-70 percent is the core business which will be more day to see in a way or through some partnership other partnerships and then 30 to 40 percent the customers who have come, how will we introduce them with more products?

1:00:08 - Apoorv Sharma
Is this advisory primarily AI based?

1:00:10 - Naveen Changoiwala
No no no primarily yes primarily yes the idea is that So think of this way. Current advisors, 60 to 70% of their time is actually sales time. They're just soliciting clients. After 30% they spend with paid clients, half of that or more than half of that is just reporting. That is part of the job. And then core advisory is just 5 to 10%. So the first two layers will be completely replaced by AI and the app and the communication layer. Communication layer means there is one more channel WhatsApp. So our chat is available on WhatsApp as well. So the way I don't know if you explored perplexity is also on WhatsApp. All the chats are coming on WhatsApp. Our chat is also live on WhatsApp. Whatever we are asking on there, we can actually do on WhatsApp. So it is actually a direct activation because if we send a marketing message to WhatsApp, user click help me and it will start the entire onboarding there itself. Now on advice part, because we are also training the AI and doing a lot of stuff, it will take some time and people will also take some time to reach a stage where they trust AI based advice. Till that time happens, we will have human advisors in the loop. The effort is over time replace that. And as I said, human part is actually very minimal to begin with.

1:01:46 - Apoorv Sharma
The human part is actually very minimal to begin with. The human part is actually very minimal to begin with.

1:01:48 - Naveen Changoiwala
The human part is actually very minimal to begin with. The human part is actually very minimal to begin with.

1:01:51 - Apoorv Sharma
The human part is actually very minimal to begin with. The human part is actually very minimal to begin with.

1:02:02 - Naveen Changoiwala
The human part is actually very minimal to less than an hour per client. Just execution of that. Am I looking at the right fund? Am I looking at the right place? Is this amount right? Should I do this SIP? So once we feed this information to AI, it will help guide you that. It can do that job very easily. So there are a lot of confirmation things which people want and that can be done through AI because it will give you all the rationale for it and it will identify the right icing for you. It will do the transaction in the right way for you.

1:02:48 - Apoorv Sharma
Can we trust AI for financial advice? Yes, yes, yes.

1:02:51 - Naveen Changoiwala
I mean, think of it this way. As I said, when you think of AI, if you're thinking of a Chadipitian Gemini, it may not because there are general LLM models. We are finding it with our own knowledge and we are the advisor behind it. And any transaction which is taking place is happening through the right channels. Is not doing those transactions.

1:03:16 - Apoorv Sharma
Is just feeding the inputs to that transaction.

1:03:19 - Naveen Changoiwala
Sebi has actually given a green flag to it. Yes, yes. So, in December, there was a change which happened in Sebi regulation. Which gave green flag to two big things which we are doing. One is you can use non-sebi products and two you can use AI tools. Sebi has said, use whatever you want, you are responsible for it. Which means whatever we are training to our AI, we have to be super sure that what AI is doing is right. And hence, obviously people understand AI regulation, that's a different thing. But from a regulatory point of view, we are doing what regulator is envisaging. To do that you take care of and whatever you do you are responsible and we are doing that way only that we are training AI in such a way that your query goes to agent 1 it gives the answer it goes to agent 2 who does a guardrail check on that answer and then the answer comes to you it goes through two different AI models
