0:00 - Rahul Singh
So I'm like that. Wow.

0:01 - Rahul Singh
I mean, it's early though also.

0:03 - Rahul Singh
Their end is very clear because if they have a next call, they don't want to go late there also. So they will end it before so that they can get ready for the next one. In India, calls keep going. They are very particular about end time. Anyways, nice to get introduced, Rohan, Adarsh. I went through your deck. So what we can do quickly with you today is I can give you my intro, you guys can give your intro and take me slightly through your deck and what it is. And then we'll just keep it open, whatever you want to ask, whatever I can share from my experience to help you guys. And we'll keep it free flowing. So just to start, I'm Rahul, been in the startup industry for now almost 11 years. This is my third B2B startup. The first one was called Targeting Mantra, which we ran for around two and a half years, sold it to Snapdeal. This is back in 2016. It was machine learning based personalization for e-commerce companies. Post the sale, we were employed by, I mean, it was one and a half years contract we had to be with them. So we were there. I was director of products heading one of their verticals. Me and Saurabh, who has been my co-founder in all three, we started something called Data Monk, where we were building custom big data machine learning products for corporates, different corporates, we didn't have a product idea. So it was more like a services business. So we were building products for FinTech, HealthTech, like EagleWise, Viacom 18 Media, and then CultFit, etc. Then one of the last projects that we were doing was with Grand Thought in India, one of our friends was heading HR consulting there, he had an idea of building an employee management platform. So that's where the Mesh journey started in 2020. And five years been in Mesh now, which is an employee performance management platform, fully based on AI and it's a new age performance management platform, essentially. Across the startups, I've done almost all roles, except coding, I think, for which sort of my co-founder used to do and a bunch of engineers, but everything else from raising funding to selling, marketing, operations, finance, legal, everything I've managed. Pre my startup days, I was a strategy management consultant for three years and pre my MBA, I was an engineer with Ericsson. So that's a quick intro. You guys can give your intro and we can have a chat.

2:45 - Rohan George
Sure. Okay. All right. I'll start by introducing myself. My name is Rohan George. I was a litigator for the last 20 years or so and I've been a practicing lawyer for that time. During that time I've been focused on handling dispute resolution problems large and small across different organizations and companies and somewhere around two years ago I started realizing the potential that AI has sort of transformed various aspects of legal practice and workflow and the kind of tooling that large language models and AI models could probably offer, sort of opened up a new area, basically, for me. And in that context, I started talking to Adarsh, who had been a technology service provider for our firm, basically. He'd helped our firm build a algorithmic template generator for the firm's operations itself. So I used to work, I earlier worked in the law firm Amachal Mangaldas, and then I'd also worked with some bad partners. And, um, in that time, I, you know, worked with, um, a number of banks, basically S-Bank, Axis Bank and worked with Edelweiss before as well, actually. I've done some engagements with them.

4:04 - Rahul Singh
Um, I engaged Brown Fountain for a number of forensic investigations as well.

4:09 - Rohan George
Yeah. Yeah. And, um, so then what we looked at was the problem which I had noticed increasing on a regular basis in India, which is the problem of disputes as a volumes problem, basically. So everyone is familiar with this one or two big ticket litigations, which you come across in the paper, where, you know, you have a multi hundred crore dispute, which is spread all across the news. But a lot of organizations face the opposite problem of For example, 500 to a few thousand disputes, each of which has a problem, a claim value of somewhere between a few lakhs and a few crores. So this is what we call the dispute chaos problem basically, where an organization, which is very often the sectors are sectors which have a direct contact with the individual or the consumer. Yes, BFSI is for example a core area which we are focused on, logistics is an important area, retail is an important area, pharma, hospitality, all of these organizations or number of organizations in this space tend to have disputes which are they say between a few hundred to a few thousand in terms of the number of volumes and the thing which is interesting about these disputes is that firstly, as an area in which technology tooling is available, even more so than in the regular legal tech space, disputes don't have technology solutions. And they are also highly, what do you call it, when you have 1,000 disputes to handle, you then have, instead of one 100-crore dispute, you have 500 one-crore disputes. What that means is that you have multiple touch points for collaboration across a number of legal teams. Not one touch point for collaboration across one legal team. So one aspect of our system is built specifically for collaboration. I'm actually on purpose not pulling out our deck at this particular time.

6:20 - Rahul Singh
I'm just understanding it better what you are saying.

6:23 - Rohan George
Yeah, I'd like to walk you through our vision basically more than anything else. And so the idea which we have is to be able to build a platform which enables in-house legal teams specifically in order to solve their disputes problems. One aspect and the key aspect of this is basically by enabling better collaboration within the organization itself, within the team itself. For example, if it's a finance dispute, you're going to have coordination between the recovery team, the account holder team of that particular dispute, and the legal team itself, as well as to enable collaboration between that team and the external council, basically, because these people are going to have to handle hand over these disputes to litigators. And usually there are going to be 50 to 100 empaneled lawyers who are going to be working with their organization. And that's just like, you know, in our conversations with some of our customers, one of the problems they've highlighted is that, you know, please try not to send us emails because we have 50 to 100 emails to respond to and to send out every single day. Okay. Another aspect is that, you know, a dispute case file is usually, it ends up becoming a 300 to 500 page document. Each one of those case files has data inside it, which is unstructured, unsortable in the conventional, you know, traditional sense of the term. And with LLMs, we have found a way to be able to analyze and be able to produce insights into the dispute's portfolio, not just the dispute's case file, but the dispute's portfolio of the company on a volumes basis. So for example, let's say you have a home loans company and they are trying to deal with all of the home loans case claims, have filed and the ones that they have received. We have a way, for example, for the company to be able to interrogate their entire portfolio and say, of the various claims that we have filed against borrowers, and that borrowers have filed against us, how many have been allegations where we have claimed to have threatened the borrower? How many times has the borrower said that the company has threatened us for repossession? Because that's an important RBI trigger basically, and it's a regulatory concern. Normally, this would take a team of lawyers, like, you know, hundreds or thousands of hours basically to sit and Read through in order to get this data. We can provide this in the form of information on the fly, basically. Then we also allow a granular analysis of each case file, which means that you can get into it and get into the actual legal dispute itself, the key issues, the summary of the dispute, inconsistencies. And finally, what we have is a way for that to be able to share with the law firm and the external legal counsel. So the in-house team and the external legal counsel can actually collaborate on the dispute much more quickly than through a conventional method, which is basically an email exchange going back and forth, a couple of phone calls, and such like, So Adarsh can talk more about our general tech stack when we are building this, and I'll leave it to him to talk about that in more detail. But the focus which we have right now is to, at this particular point is to target companies in the banking, financial services, and insurance space who see this problem most extensively. And we see this as a way to be able to, say, for example, take, let's say, the dispute disposal rate. And a lot of that rate is, of course, dependent on the court itself, maybe, where they don't have control over that part. But a lot of that disposal time is also built around how much time the team has to spend internally coordinating. And we are able to see situations, at least in our pilots, where we are able to reduce that collaboration and coordination time by about 50 to 75 percent, basically.

10:05 - Rahul Singh
Nice, nice. Okay, I understand the value prop now. Thank you. I think I have a clear picture now what problem you're trying to solve.

10:15 - Adarsh Sosale
Thank you, George.

10:16 - Adarsh Sosale
Okay. No problem. Yeah, so let me introduce myself. So I started my career almost a decade ago in an HR tech company, we were using data science back then. Yeah, it was not very popular as a buzzword, using a lot of data science to not only do talent sourcing and ATS, the typical stuff, but we also identified a niche, which was, you know, like IT services companies, large enterprises, fortune 1000 companies, they have like, they they started seeing bench strength as a necessary evil. So healthy bench strength was considered anywhere between 8% to 10% of your workforce. So we were trying to upskill and allocate this bench strength better across projects. So after that, I joined an edtech company called Upgrad. Here I was working on the other side of the coin, which is before it was towards HR hiring managers and CHR But this time it was actually towards, you know, like the candidate side of the problems. Scraping one and a half million jobs across 20 job boards every week and being able to categorize and stack rank which jobs are most relevant, looking at decay rates of jobs and so on. After that, I joined, you know, like a company called Oslash. We were building an enterprise search platform. So here I joined as a founding product manager. So here it was essentially we have 70 different tools within your workspace being able to integrate and query them and again this was the first chat GPT so it was a lot more manual heavy lifting from teams that had to be done. So we had like a few clients like Notion was using R2 code I was using, Freshworks was another big client of ours, and Hotstar was another one. So after this, I mean, in between, that's, I mean, like, while I was working there, I still wanted to, you know, continue engaging with, you know, legal, I saw an opportunity that here we are building cutting edge tools. I mean, engineers identify engineers on problems, the best So we were building tools, like leading edge tools. But once I started engaging with lawyers, I was introduced to Rohan through a friend of mine. And once I started engaging with Rohan's firm, that is when I realized how, to be very blunt, how backward the tooling for lawyers was. You know, we have, you know, we have such, we have, you know, we have Figma, which is a collaborative layer. So for us engineers, everything is so damn easy, because we feel that problem and we bear something for it. But unfortunately, for lawyers, it is not the same. So I was like, we started by building, you know, together, we were building a contract generator, we've gone through several things. And in between, I was also consulting for an SF based drug discovery company, where we were using graph neural networks to discover new molecules. It was faster. So your clinical trials are typically a 10 to 15 year process. With ML, we are able to simulate for toxicity. We are able to simulate for efficacy. It's more precise. It is cheaper. So this is one of the other things I was working on. So essentially here we were using graph neural networks to model molecular properties, atomic properties, and try to understand how- Essentially you have used machine learning in almost all sectors now.

14:26 - Unidentified Speaker
Yep, yep.

14:27 - Adarsh Sosale
So in some cases I was, you know, I was not as involved, I was participating. I mean, especially in the first jobs, first job I was participating, but No, like I was listening. I was an intern and you know, like software engineers just doing full stack development But over time I got to pick up like more of machine learning and start actually contributing So yeah, that's that's me.

14:59 - Rahul Singh
Cool journey, Adarsh. Also, Adarsh's voice is good for radio. He has such a heavy bass voice. Okay, perfect. So I'll just ask you guys a few questions before we can go to more detailed discussion. How old is this company right now? We incorporated in April 2024.

15:18 - Rohan George
So just a couple of months, a year now. That's it. Almost a year. And is it just two of you or are there more team members?

15:26 - Rahul Singh
As of right now, there is a core team.

15:29 - Rohan George
This is just the two of us. Okay.

15:32 - Rahul Singh
And is some version of the product live, ready right now?

15:37 - Rohan George
We have two ongoing pilots. One is with an ODR platform, that is an online dispute resolution platform, technically a volumes arbitration institution. The second is actually with Navi. We have an ongoing pilot with Navi and that's an ongoing engagement which we are actively involved in at this stage. Got it.

15:56 - Rahul Singh
Are these free pilots or paid pilots?

15:58 - Rohan George
The pilot with Navi is at this particular point at the free stage. We have phased rollout which is going to convert into a phased pallet soon.

16:08 - Rahul Singh
Okay, cool. And I'm guessing no funding has been raised right now. You guys are looking to raise funding in the market?

16:15 - Rohan George
We are bootstrapped at this particular point. You know, Adarsh and I keep talking about the point about funding. Our intention is to build at least a decent, like, you know, a respectable book of business and revenue graph. But our horizon for funding is somewhere within the next six months for sure. Yeah. OK.

16:34 - Rahul Singh
I think I understand where you guys are and what you guys need, per se, and the problem you guys are solving. Now, what areas should I guide you and tell me? Is it more on funding or is it more on go-to-market? Where would you like to focus your time? If you have any specific questions, that's also fine.

16:59 - Adarsh Sosale
Yeah, I went through MeshAI's website. And you know one thing that we've been really struggling with is actually pricing so being able to tie you know like perceived value to a dollar value is okay let's start with that only can you just share the deck which you guys have shared with me and we can just quickly go through that so that I'll help you also no problem so I think the first question actually let me break it down on the first question is going to be why bottom-up adoption and why not top-down adoption and how have you solved for onboarding and so on and and how are you you know pricing it the way it is and probably the next question is how you came up with the values okay I will tell you the deck but yeah yes so essentially Pricing has to and in your case if I'm guessing there will be a cost element associated to whichever LLM you are paying for right for each query or whatever usage it is.

18:11 - Rahul Singh
Yeah so majority of the AI is actually open source. Okay fine. So few things in pricing is that Two, three factors you have to keep in mind is first is, what are you trying to sell to a customer? So in your deck, I saw go to the second slide. And this is sign. Yeah, this slide. So now the problem, there is one. So I understood, Rohan, when you explained to me the problem you are solving, right? But what is here is not telling me exactly the problem which the pain point which is there in the more clear way so what you are trying to solve is actually a problem of time and efficiency that is the core problem you are trying to solve right that if I have 10 to people and but if I have 100 things that they need to solve they can't manage it so that are not efficient so it may take instead of solving it in one month it may take three months or four months and the other is if there are 100 things do I need 10 people in the team or with the tool can I save and have only five people right so these are the two one is efficiency can I bring in more efficiency into the team instead of 10 I just do it with five and a tool or I can whatever you guys are doing in three months I can do it in one month again saving time and money so you will first of all I think you should straight away put what is the time and money savings you are bringing it on the table like in-house saying workload is their challenge. Every company workload is a challenge. So it is irrelevant. It's not a problem. It's not a pain point. Expect allocate increase in budget not headcount. Now this is the reason there is something behind this why it is happening and don't meet their needs that is fine. Don't meet their needs is also a very basic thing. Any tool you'll ask, even others you'll ask, Figma meets all your needs? You'll say, no, not all. I can expect better. But the core problem you are solving is actually time and efficiency. So what you said that we have seen in our pilots, whatever, 30%, 50% time has reduced in solving. You will have to give a number. It may not be accurate, but at least it catches my attention. These 60%, 60%, 61%, 63% zero effect because first of all they look made up 61 62 63 I'm like how are these three numbers so close but anyways even if they are real numbers it doesn't catch my eye my eye will be if you can tell me save x dollars per month yeah this much dollar is time is resources wasted yeah you can yeah your time is three months where it can come to so it has to be something very very specific pay problem so right now this is very high level you need to go one level below it and you can choose what the problem you want to showcase that it's the time problem money problem whatever is the problem but one problem you have to highlight very strongly which is very specific all these three are at one level above because these problems can be solved by multiple ways Go specific, boss you guys don't have enough people to solve all this. Is that the problem? Or is the problem you are spending too much? I will help you save that money, which is out of two, whichever is or somehow if you can make it together, that is your problem that you are saving. Here I will go to him and say that you are spending 100 rupees, you are doing more, it will work in 50, if you pay 10 too. Or you are spending 3 months, I will get it done in 1. Whichever of these pick one or if both work in your case but that's very specific what you told me wrong these three are with high level so go to that specific problem which you are solving once you can give a number or some pace to the problem then pricing is better explained to anyone so to others question if I can say that I don't know typically these lawyers and others you would know how much one guy costs per month right that you can estimate so let's say it is 2 lakh rupees for example and one year it is 25 lakh rupees for one lawyer who's handling this if you are going to a team and saying I can cut down your lawyers from 10 to 5 you are essentially saving them approximately let's say 1 CR 1.25 CR and then you say I am giving you a tool for 20 lakh rupees it's a straight value like there is no thinking in my mind why not just try it out if it is so much saving or if you so that ways you can build your pricing intelligently now tomorrow if your tool is for 1 crore and the guys are doing it for 1.25 cr they'll say it's fine so the value that they'll have to see the value to others to your question when I charge x dollars per per employee per month it's because if let's say there are are 100 employees, I know the time spent in doing all the things with these HR guys do takes them so many things. They can't do, first of all, some items, things which we do. Otherwise, there is too much stuff in their life. They want it outsourced to some tool. So if I tell them that you will spend, let's say, for 1,000 employees, $5,000 per month. It's 3 lakh rupees or whatever, 5 lakh rupees per month. They're like, OK, this is done. For me also, it is a necessity in all big companies to do this performance. So it's like we have to do it. Can we do it better? Because all employees hate us when we do performance in projects. So my pricing comes from there, that look, at 20 lakh rupees a year or 30 lakh rupees a year, I give you this much value, which your one employee also cannot give you. Or if you sell to a US company, $100,000 your HR, person whatever yes I am giving taking 30,000 for you so I must make sure whatever I am giving is giving them significant value from their current base case so so from that perspective if you go to a legal firm and tell them this is and the pricing can be in multiple ways built to give showcase this value then at least it's a right pricing now comes structuring of pricing okay I have decided for this much this cost if I give it is all okay cost right then it is how do I bill it do I bill it per resolution do I bill it monthly subscription do I take a one time for a year multiple ways in which you can bill this number whichever number you have come to in the end my suggestion to you guys will be if you are in India right now never ever get into monthly pricing rule number one you will burn your hands people will make you run around for invoices because you don't want to get and Rohan you would have seen in India how people make people run around for clearing invoices right you are a startup you don't want your energy getting wasted in those things rule number one Rule number two, try to take, because what happens in India is you cannot auto-deduct monthly from a card. It is a process with RBI. There are problems you have to, in US, SAS works beautifully because they'll take your card and they'll keep deducting. They don't care if you use, you don't use, it doesn't matter. They have your card. If they have the agreement for a year, they'll lock it and they'll keep deducting. So US, it works beautifully, the monthly pricing. In India, if you are selling to Indian customer monthly pricing, unless it's a very small amount like the YouTube premium, 150 rupees, which people can pay from UPI or whatever credit card and nothing matters. The moment you go to a significant number, 10,000 rupees, 50,000 rupees, one lakh rupees a month, you will struggle collecting monthly. Minimum you should have is quarterly, is my suggestion. Minimum quality and if you can take 6 months 1 year even better give bulk discount but try to collect quarterly up front 6 monthly up front or annual up front initially you will not get annual because people will not trust you so try quarterly and all but as soon as you can move to 6 monthly or annual please move this just remember this otherwise you struggle just collect money and there is no business which is successful unless you get the money in cash flow fix yeah yeah so define so definition others you can do whatever per plan this whatever you want to do you can build key up to this much is this is the cost up to this much this is the cost whatever you want it's up to you eventually I am the payer I don't care I will just see how much money is going out of my pocket wherever you can justify this is bringing value in your case if it is cases or whatever it is you can build it around that so if you go to your pricing slide later down yeah so 150 case files even if you are saying price per month say price per month but build quarterly got it or price per month build annually and you can give a heavy discount on an understood and I don't know I'm guessing you guys have come up with these numbers basis what I told you that logically this will in their mind sound much lower to them I'm sure you can justify 150 case files will take your legal guys two months three months and their costing is I'm sure Rohan has those numbers how much legal guys charge etc so you will be able to define it so case files is fine you can give a sub I don't see a problem in the pricing which you have up to these many case files that's fine but in your case you will have to give something else because what you are saying is it's just basically a volume number right it's 140 150 400 1000 it so there is is there any other Delta also in these plans or it is just numbers? It is just a volume discount right now.

29:16 - Rohan George
At this particular point, it's focused on volumes. There are two ways in which companies can engage with this also. As you can see, we have not defined this in a lot of detail, but there's also our analysis fee, basically, where you can do deeper engagement with the case files themselves than having them on the platform. And we have the the idea of basically providing analytics and reports to the company itself, essentially taking on a solutioning sort of approach with them, where we say, look, we have worked with your case files for say over the last three months or so. Now we know which of your risk triggers are being hit most often. This is something we've tested out also to some extent or the other, but we're hoping to have deeper engagement with the company we're piloting with. So we say, for example, we are noting that in this particular district, you are having a significant volume of claims against you by borrowers, all of which have the exact same statements, for example, right?

30:13 - Rahul Singh
So is it you are giving for all three plans, starter plan, growth plan, scalar plan?

30:19 - Rohan George
So this is something which you're probably going to build on a solutioning basis, the analytics piece. Okay, so this will be separate of the subscription itself.

30:29 - Rahul Singh
And we're thinking of making this a bespoke offering, which will be offered to customers on that basis so there can be two ways in which you look at pricing one is it's a simple pricing however much case files you choose monthly the price keeps changing and you can keep giving volume discount and then you can keep buying things on the fly so then you don't need these three plans essentially the point of these plans then is there's no point right you just have a scale where choose how many case files per month you want to choose and the pricing comes out. So then you don't need to build these three plans basically you just have a single this is a single pricing you get my solution everything and this is one level of solution everything and additional anyone can want someone with 100 case files also someone with 1000 that you charge additionally which people can buy on your platform or however one I don't know how this works in case of additional things how they want to buy but you can build your pricing like that also if that is simple for now till you get some date like why confuse them with three plans just say there is just one one pricing scale and it starts at this and as you keep increasing the case files the price keeps going up and you keep getting some volume discount as you keep going up and at some point the volume discount will stop or whatever you can figure it out so you can just give that eventually whatever number you will say people will ask for discount to build Kaldena people will always always have a pricing 2x of what you will build as a starter I am hoping this is 2x of what you will actually charge because don't keep anything cheap you can say right now you are our pilot we are giving you at 50% but if you start only cheap they will not respect you so have a expensive product say for now it is we can always remove the discount later on.

32:30 - Rohan George
I have a question. Sure. If, for example, you have this sort of scaling pricing, which is based on a flat fee basis and increases, let's say a lockdown to say a quarterly or semi-annual kind of plan. And, you know, the customers dispute or the customers, you know, usage crosses the threshold within the time of that plan. How would you normally deal with renegotiating?

32:57 - Rahul Singh
You don't renegotiate. The price is written for any additional this thing you will charge them X. You don't have to renegotiate. You will raise extra invoice if they cross that or we do it in our cases. We charge let's say an annual for an employee. If some new employees come in after 3 months, I raise a pro rata for 9 months. Because I am collecting everything in advance so I am collecting for 100 employees tomorrow in your system you have 110 for those 10 I will collect for 9 months tomorrow but in your system if the employees go to 90 I don't care you have paid for 100 I don't care I will give you service so in your case you can always say up to 150 is this pricing unless you change the plan to a higher plan I will regularly bill you on extra so essentially what will happen is after one or two invoices your guy should go to them and say boss you are not using 150 you are using 200 why are you paying me extra every month by the 200 plan got it understood so you will move them to the next plan if they are breaching it this is how typically usage based pricing works I have some tools which are on usage based pricing maybe I can ping you how have like one of my communication platform which I use has a usage based pricing I'm hoping they have put it out so essentially what happens in there that I purchase an annual plan I'll just put it in the chat here you can maybe so this is one of those communication platforms which we use in mesh I have taken their annual plan for whatever, let's say $30,000, and which allows me to send, let's say, 150,000 messages on emails, et cetera, across platforms. And with the monthly threshold or whatever, that monthly will not cross 10,000 or 20,000. And if I'm crossing it every month, there is an additional invoice to mean whichever months I cross. So what happens is after I've crossed a couple of times, their sales guys reaches out to me, you are extra now by these because the perp extra will be higher than what is in the plan so what you move from 150 to 200 plan so that you will save money so yes per case charge will be higher if they are trying to choose the lower one so that is how you make sure they don't try to get away with choosing a lower plan and then having extra files because that will be much more expensive small. So that you can figure out on pricing. Any other question Adarsh on pricing or is it?

35:55 - Adarsh Sosale
Yeah, so at oslash.enterprise.startup we were running a few experiments on pricing as well. So we also had bottom-up adoption. I mean, we didn't find market with that but that's a different story but we were running two types of experiments one was to be able to divide the workforce in half one with the tool and one without the tool and measure efficiency and the other was you know just generally be testing around the pricing to see which one fits. Have you done anything similar at MeshAI? Would you recommend for us to do something?

36:36 - Rahul Singh
Not right now, too early for you guys. I don't think you should play around with pricing AB testing unless you have PMF. That's true. It's too early. You guys don't get 20 clients, get them using and then refine your pricing more. For now, keep it simple. Your focus has to be just to getting more customers using. Forget pricing for first 20 customers. You may not make enough money. You may find it. You have given away too cheap. You may find it's fine once you have sold to 10 15 20 you will know what they are valuing you can tweak your pricing accordingly that this is what they value more so I will charge this as a premium or this is what they don't value so I cannot charge them so go for usage for at least one year once your product is ready one one and a half years once you are confident this is what people like then you try all no point trying right now for us it is useful others because we have competitors in this pays and we know all of them charge on the same way so we do not want to change this because then it is reteaching the buyer why are you charging in this way when all the other tools are so in our industry everyone charges per employee per month I do not want to change that because that's additional effort on my side to teach the buyer why my pricing is better which I don't have the time or effort or money to do it a large company can do this like if I thousand customers that decide that let me try to change pricing for something, it's fine, they can get away with it. Startups can't afford it. So don't worry, this is fine, whatever you want to keep, keep it simple, just get into as many customers first. Pricing will get sorted, keep it simple in the beginning is all I would say. Understood.

38:25 - Rohan George
One other topic I'd like to sort of cover with you Rahul, I think we talked about this a little bit earlier you asked us about our intentions and our objectives around funding. So like I said our objective is to try and build a revenue graph at this stage of some kind at least and then to try and make a pitch for funding because we feel that we would be seen differently as a company. So I just wanted to explore your thoughts even like number one when's a good time basically and number two who is a good person to ask because this is also a conversation in my time as a lawyer amongst other I've handled some amounts of what you call investor startup disputes as well. And so, you know, I know the positives and negatives of working with VCs to some extent. I can't say I know it, but I've seen the downside sometimes, but there's always an upside. So, you know, the question is, is it Angel versus VC? Is it what you call friends and family versus Angel? Is it a combination of both? And when's a good time? What are your thoughts on that?

39:27 - Rahul Singh
Okay, so I'll be very candid with you.

39:30 - Rahul Singh
It depends on you and others where you are in your life also. Okay, that's a important aspect which people forget in funding. If I am a 20 year old 21 year old, right? I have nothing to lose. I don't care. So, and I have no money in my bank account, unless my parents are rich, forget that. So for me, at that age if I'm 20s I'm happy to take any money from anyone give me the money I'll build something if it works superstars 30 under 30 and all that but doesn't work fine I'll go to my MBA do a job something right VCs has it cons you will have to run your company in a way which they will want VCs at least in India most of them function on the philosophy that we will pump money in 20 companies who will become big 18 will die and they don't care because those two will make them the money now how will how do they make money for them those two have to run very fast so fast that the next round happens very quickly and when 20 will run so fast 18 will perish so they will make sure all 20 run fast which may not be best for all those 20 there are some businesses which may take time. There are some businesses which may not become that big but they can still become a business. They don't want that. They want fast growing business where the valuation can keep multiplying very quickly because that is their business. You have to understand as a VC if I have raised a fund I have to return to my investors in five to seven years. I have to show I have multiplied money. So any slow growth or some which can take time doesn't work for them so if a VC will come and give you two million dollars they will say spend it so it's like your nitro booster so you take it and you run now in that race before you reach the net next nitro booster if you reach excellent you are so fast you can go but if you don't you are done finished they will not let you have a slow growth because it doesn't work for them And angel friends and family will allow you that. But the money will obviously be much lesser than, right? Yes. So there's no right and wrong answer. And you guys have been doing it for one year. I'm guessing you're using your own money or whatever right now. So it's a call. What is my present cash situation? How I see this company's growth in next two, three, four, five years? And which direction I want to so there are people who want to grow it very fast because the motivation is money right there are people where the motivation is problem solving they can go to angels that I'll solve this problem I enjoy I'll do this and then there is I will want to build either a long-term business which I am running I'm in control of or in vcs it can but I'll not be in full control of So you have to, this is a question Rohan and others, you have to answer for yourself what you are seeking, right? And that's why I said it depends a lot on where you are in your life and what you are seeking from this startup.

43:04 - Adarsh Sosale
So right now why funding is a well-earned conversation for us is we are hitting quite a number of roadblocks. So recently we, I mean, I mean, we started integrating with the course data. So like one of the data sets that we got in itself is a terabyte in size. And we want to build, I mean, like for us to realize the whole vision of what we've discussed so far, the compute is just going to be tremendously large. Got it.

43:38 - Rahul Singh
So how much money will you need to, let's If I ask you a question today, Adarsh, Rohan, to reach 20 good companies, 20 customers, let's say, how much money do you need?

43:51 - Adarsh Sosale
Do you have an answer? Yeah, so for 20 customers, it's, I mean, like, but 20 customers over how much time is the question I'd like to ask?

44:02 - Rahul Singh
Next one year. Yeah, you should have target for 20 in the next year and a half.

44:09 - Adarsh Sosale
Yeah, so for one and a half years, I think like we can continue in the same pace that we're going.

44:16 - Rahul Singh
No, no, I'm saying suppose like these small headaches you're getting is, is like 2CR a good number to help you hit faster? Because I'm saying from the perspective in your mind, these blockades are coming. If I get this amount, these blockades can get removed and I can reach my 20 number faster.

44:36 - Rohan George
So what is that?

44:37 - Rohan George
If we target 20 customers, I would imagine that we would need a dedicated sales or GTM person and we need a dedicated tech or engineering person in order to spread across a couple of dedicated engineering people. So I would assume that that number would look like something like at least 1 crore.

44:54 - Rahul Singh
So if you get 1 crore, you guys think you can hit 20 customers?

44:59 - Unidentified Speaker
We can hit them. And 20 paying customers.

45:01 - Rahul Singh
I am not saying 20. And what will be, what is it in your mind an ideal customer, how much will you pay you at an annual level?

45:11 - Rohan George
On an annual basis, I would be looking at somewhere between 25 to about 48 lakhs, basically.

45:18 - Rahul Singh
So you're saying 20 to 25 to 50 lakhs. So I will keep because you are new, I'll slash it down all your hopes and make it half. So assume let's assume 10 lakhs to 15 lakhs, right? Because people will not give you the value you seek initially so 10 lakh rupees to 15 lakh rupees so basically you are saying with 1 CR I can hit 2 CR ARR at least is that what you guys are saying minimum I am saying let's say 3 CR if I catch 10 then 3 CR so if you spend 1 CR in me I can reach a revenue number of 3 CR ok fair so that I would not go to a big VC I can take from angels and friends and family and micro VCs and all and hit that number and show them that I have reached with 1 CR I have reached 3 CR or whatever 2 CR 2.5 CR now this 20 can become 200 now I need 10 CR so that I think ideally should be your approach that and you should put it clearly in your slide deck by the You have to put your ask and what will you do with this money very clearly if you want money. Right now, that is missing. You have to very clearly say, we need one CR for this much equity. Like it's the very basics, I think, which India has taught everyone that ask has to be there very openly, right? So you openly ask, I want one CR, I will give you whatever 10% of the company or whatever that number is. And how will I spend the money you have to clearly say I will have one GTM guy whatever 20 lakh 25 lakhs I'll have one blah blah engineer at 25 lakhs I will have this much for my database and other tools and I will keep this much for operations and blah blah whatever it is I'm saying and this much money I need for one year or one and a half years if you need then you multiply salary for have that plan very clear you cannot ask money from someone unless you give them the clarity boss this is what I want the money from this is where I am today and this is where I will show you I am in 16 18 months or one year or whatever is the time frame you choose for yourself understood so you have to show that graph that I am at zero revenue in six months or three months I'll be at this much revenue in six months I'll be here in one month I'll be here this is the customer count this is the revenue once I get the money this is how it will happen They need to see that vision on paper. Understood. Which is right now missing in the slide deck. I would just put it straight away. I need 1 crore for 20 clients. Because that is proof in the pudding. And then you can get angels and whatever. And I would go with angels for once a year, not to a big VC.

48:19 - Rohan George
Got it. Understood. Yeah, that makes sense. Okay. Yeah, that was actually very interesting.

48:24 - Rahul Singh
because it's sort of it's a good way of thinking about funding also it doesn't have to be an either or it's a scale which grows based on what you need got it yeah so funding always see it if at some point by the way if you reach those three cr number and you are seeing here I am making profit of one cr already then you'll just not probably take the funding then you'll say why will I give away more of my company then I'll probably go a slow growth I'll get one cr profit and double that 3CR to 6CR, and I'll just keep my come up. Why will I give it away to some? It's up to you. That's what I'm seeing. It depends. Or if you see there is a competitor coming up who has raised funding. Boss, he will eat my market. Then you'll also need funding. So it depends on the situation at that point. It is not a straight away answer. So at current situation, this is what I understand where you guys are. I think take a small round. Reach some milestone show it to if you wanted that point money you show it to VCs and they will then appreciate that guys we had this plan we executed this plan we are here now please can you give us more money so that's the proof of the pudding right and that's a that's a pathway for you guys also to be focused on that this is what we'll achieve in that time period that is something which by the way outside funding teaches you to be very diligent on time because when we are building right we get so lost in building but when there is someone sitting on top of you with a danda then it's like that's another thing some people don't like that why should someone sit on top I left my job so that I am the owner yeah but if investors come essentially at some point they become the owners right like when you take a house loan You are not the owner. Bank is the owner. You pay the house loan. People feel very happy.

50:26 - Rohan George
I am the owner, but the document is lying with the bank. So that's true. Absolutely. Yeah, that's a good one, actually. Yeah. Yeah. Thanks Rahul on this. The other, I am conscious of time.

50:40 - Unidentified Speaker
You can ask. Great.

50:42 - Rohan George
So the other thing that I was also curious about, this is I guess, Again, it's a more complicated question. When do you know to hire? In terms of hiring, in terms of growth, right?

50:55 - Rahul Singh
When you get at least two to five and you can choose that number of paying customers. It's a simple thing.

51:03 - Rahul Singh
If someone is buying, then I will bring someone else.

51:06 - Rahul Singh
If someone doesn't want my product, then for whom am I making the team? Unless you are so sure about your vision that I will build for two years, then I know eventually everyone will flock to my door, which is rare, which happens like, that is only if something is very cutting edge, which requires a lot of research for two years, two and a half years, then you can hire team members and do that with money. But those are very unique cases like, but typically, you should get two to five paying customers to give you the confidence also So yes, what I am thinking, what I am building, people value. So at least 2 to 4, 2 to 5, get some paying customers. Got it.

51:55 - Rahul Singh
Got it.

51:56 - Rahul Singh
Or if you can raise funding without it, then you can quickly hire if you feel confident and someone trusts your judgment. That is another approach people take. Let's raise money. And I can invest on a team member, couple of team members. And I'll go hard. It works or it doesn't work so that's one approach but to each his own ideally I would say have two three like you have this navi contract whatever poc you are doing right convert it get couple more maybe paying and then hire then you should hire got it yeah that makes sense also feels more intuitive to me you hire when you have money for somebody to hire basically also you've proven that someone needs your product right yeah I can open a showroom but If no one is coming to my shop, why keep hiring more people? Let someone come. Then you have one. You guys are there right now. The moment you are feeling that. The other way to look at it is if you feel you have reached a space where you can spend your time growing the company and doing other activities versus the activities you are doing today, then hire. So that's another way to look at it. And this can be a hiring mantra for future also. For any role, when you feel your time is getting spent too much. And while you, as a founder, can spend your time in growing the company, or if you need an expert in some area, then you get people. So if, Rohan, you tomorrow start feeling, boss, I'm spending too much time just chasing invoices or this much, then you mean I need a finance guy. Or because I want to spend time meeting new customers and growing the business, right? So or others is feeling I am spending too much time solving bugs that means there are enough use cases and enough people outside with bugs other says boss I'll get someone help me solve this I will let me build the next thing so to each of you whenever you feel they have reached a limit and that so that is another way of looking at it that number of customer can be 1,2,3,4 depending on whatever it is yaar abhi mera time isme ja raha hai things and all also this seems fine I can get some so that is another approach got it got it yeah but don't hire too soon because a lot of times hiring is not the problem firing is painful yeah but don't So, don't hire too soon. Be confident. Right now, you guys are not there but the flip of this is if you hire wrong, fire fast. Remember, that is another thing which a lot of founders somehow can't do it. By chance, if you have hired wrong ever, just fire fast. Don't wait that it's fine.

54:58 - Unidentified Speaker
How do you know?

55:00 - Rahul Singh
You have to. How do you know? You will know. 100% you will know. You are running a business, you'll know these things. You'll see the ownership and all of people. Rohan, you spent 20 years, you'll see. Trust me on that. That you will figure out who is good, bad, ugly. In your team, at least till there are 20, 30 employees. Once they are beyond that number, then you cannot know. Then you'll have to judge on the feedback from
